Hello, just testing.
anonymous/5-0
So maybe I need to log in,
but it doesn't matter, we just want some content.
anonymous/5-1
Yeah, but this way it allows for two
participants to chat, you see?
anonymous/5-2
Something like that? Uh, yeah,
can you invite me?
anonymous/5-3
I can find it directly, or not.
anonymous/6-0
I'll invite you.
anonymous/7-0
Which issue is it?
Because you're the second guest,
anonymous/7-1
go ahead, the guest is the guest, yeah.
anonymous/8-0
It's on the Factory account, OK.
anonymous/13-0
OK, I'm connected, activating the microphone and
speaker, oh no,
anonymous/11-0
Maybe speak now. Yes, very good,
it's working.
anonymous/13-1
It's me, wait. No,
I'll mute the sound, it's fine,
anonymous/15-0
Alright, I'll mute the sound, yeah,
it's fine, I'll mute it,
anonymous/13-2
I'll mute the sound, OK, so now I'm speaking,
you can hear me, and this way we have a point
anonymous/15-1
uh OK so now I'm speaking,
you can hear me, and this way we have a
anonymous/13-3
script with at least two participants.
anonymous/15-2
transcript with at least two participants, yeah, that's it.
anonymous/14-0
Yeah, that's it.
anonymous/18-0
Perfect, we'll try to let it run for 3 minutes
while we talk,
anonymous/16-0
Perfect, we'll try to let it run for 3 minutes
while we talk,
anonymous/16-1
and then we'll have a transcript that's a bit more substantial.
anonymous/18-1
and then we'll have a transcript that's a bit more substantial,
anonymous/18-2
yeah.
anonymous/17-0
Yeah.
anonymous/20-0
It's running.
anonymous/22-0
So, the 28th?
anonymous/21-0
So, the 28th.
anonymous/27-0
Uh.
anonymous/28-0
Yeah, go ahead, delete my future.
Oh, did you already start the deployment?